adding Docker recommendations (#353)
OCR-D/ocrd-website: site/en/setup.md

    
## ocrd_all via Docker

### Prerequisites

> If you want to use the OCR-D-Docker-solution, [Docker](https://docs.docker.com/install/linux/docker-ce/ubuntu/#install-using-the-repository) and [docker compose](https://docs.docker.com/compose/install/) have to be installed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to use the OCR-D-via-Docker solution, [docker](https://docs.docker.com/install/linux/docker-ce/ubuntu/#install-using-the-repository) and [docker compose](https://docs.docker.com/compose/install/) have to be installed.
```

> After installing docker you have to set up daemon and add user to  the group 'docker'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After installing docker you have to set up the docker daemon and add your user to the `docker` group:
```

Reviewer 2: ...may have to set up and start... (depending on installation method, this might already have been done at this point)

### Testing the Docker installation

To start, download and extract a document from the [OCR-D GT Repo](https://ola-hd.ocr-d.de/search?q=&fulltextsearch=false&metadatasearch=false&isGT=true&perPageRecords=30):

```sh
wget "https://ola-hd.ocr-d.de/api/export?id=21.T11998/0000-001C-F82E-8&internalId=false" -O wundt_grundriss_1896.ocrd.zip

> sudo unzip wundt_grundriss_1896.ocrd.zip

Reviewer: ```suggestion
unzip wundt_grundriss_1896.ocrd.zip
```

Why the `sudo`?

Author: I ran into a PermissionError and was only able to unzip with `sudo`, so I thought it would not hurt to add sudo here just to be sure. but I can't reproduce that ATM. I'll come back to it if I run into that again. Probably not necessary to add it here.

cd data
```

Now, spin up the docker container:

```sh

> docker run --user $(id -u) --workdir /data --volume $PWD:/data -it ocrd/all bash

Reviewer: ```suggestion
docker run --user $(id -u) --workdir /data --volume $PWD:/data --rm -it ocrd/all bash
```

Otherwise the container will be retained, cluttering the file system. Or was that the intention here that the container should not be removed after use?

Author: That was not intended, I'll commit your suggestion, thanks!

```

Your command line should start with something similar to:

```sh

> I have no name!@ade9a4692fcd:/data$

Reviewer: This will change depending on the version of the container. If your intention was to make sure people aren't confused by the `I have no name` part of the prompt, we could fix that in ocrd_all, so that the prompt does not display it at all.

Reviewer 2: We could, but it _is_ helpful to see the user name in the prompt (esp. whether you are root). But since the default PS1 also uses `\$` (which is `$` for non-root and `#` for root), I guess we can simply drop `\u` – yes.

```

After spinning up the container, you can use the installation and call the processors the same way as in the native installation.

> Alternatively, you would have to [translate each command to a docker call](/en/user_guide#translating-native-commands-to-docker-calls) (not recommended).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, you can [translate each command to a docker call](/en/user_guide#translating-native-commands-to-docker-calls).
```

Logging into a container is fine for experimenting but for any non-trivial use, it will be necessary to run docker commands from the host, so "not recommended" is a bit too strongly worded IMHO.

Reviewer 2: Agreed. Also, we can point to standard shell facilities used in such cases like `alias` or functions or scripts to encapsulate this comfortably to taste.

Let's segment the images in file group `OCR-D-IMG` from the zip file into regions, thereby creating a 

> [PAGE-XML](https://github.com/PRImA-Research-Lab/PAGE-XML) file group `OCR-D-SEG-BLOCK-DOCKER`):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
METS file group `OCR-D-SEG-BLOCK-DOCKER`):
```

```sh

> ocrd-tesserocr-segment-region -I OCR-D-IMG -O OCR-D-SEG-BLOCK-DOCKER

Reviewer: Will this work without downloading models and mounting them in the docker call, i.e. a fresh ocrd_all installation? Otherwise we might want to use a different example here.

Reviewer 2: Yes, it will. We install en.traineddata by default, which is the "model" needed (to be present) for layout analysis.
